{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14460\viewh10960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<p>The Center for the Advancement of Teaching and Learning at Northeastern University needed to develop an online version of of their popular Course Development Program.</p>\
<p>Designed the user and graphical interface for MD Anderson's Tobacco Cessation Course, an interactive 3D training simulator for health care professionals.</p>\
<p>I worked as a lead instructional technology consultant on the Course Transformation Project, a three million dollar UT initiative designed to improve student success through innovative approaches to instruction and learning.</p>\
<p>The Mazur Group, a research group in the Division of Engineering and Applied Sciences at Harvard University, needed an elegant, professional web site where Peer Instruction members could connect with and learn from one another.</p>\
\

\b\fs48 \
\
\
Pixel Pusher.\uc0\u8232 Website Wrangler.\
Experience Creator\uc0\u8232 Creative Problem Solver.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
EDUCATION
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
: \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I began my career as an educator. I have a Master\'92s degree in Education and have effectively instructed learners of all ages, backgrounds and abilities. I've taught in formal classrooms, online environments, and professional conferences and workshops.</p><p>I have a natural inclination to teach and an ability to communicate complex information in easy to understand terms.</p>\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TECHNOLOGY: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Even before I knew what good design was, I recognized its power. I noticed certain \'93things\'94 just communicated more effectively than others. A desire to understand the reasons behind this fueled my interest in design.</p><p>I\'92m constantly fascinated by the way all elements of design - visual, information, interaction, etc. - work together to make information and products accessible, relevant and beautiful.</p>\
\

\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f0\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DESIGN:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 My background in technology is fairly broad. I\'92m a self-taught front end developer, spent several years as a multimedia producer, and have experience providing a wide range of tech support.</p><p>Throughout my career I've used technology to create simple, elegant solutions to complex problems.</p>\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 SKILLS\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Things i want to get across:\
1) Im a good all around designer:\
2) I can also develop things.  Not only can i design things, i can develop them.  I can work as part of team, but i can also implement all aspects from idea to design to final product\
3) Im creative - \
4) I can also manage others.  Im cool to work with.  Approachable, small.  Creative.  Moderately funny.  I love working.  importance of building and fostering relationships.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Design Skills
\b0  - 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I consider myself a practical designer. While I understand the theories and trends that guide the field, my primary concern while designing is simply \'93does this work?\'94 - does this design communicate the information and feeling I\'92m trying to convey? Part of what attracts me to web design is the challenge of balancing the desire for beautiful UI with the realities of technology, browsers, devices, and user experience. These are problems I enjoy solving.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Development Skills 
\b0 - One advantage I have as a designer is that I have the ability to personally bring my designs to life. I\'92m a self taught front end developer and I use my knowledge of html, css and javascript to inform my design decisions. Being able to combine the design and development phases allows me to take a very agile approach to production.  While I love to design, development gives me the opportunity to flex both my creative and logical muscles.\
\

\b UI / UX
\b0  :  My skills and interest in UI / UX go well beyond web design.  As an instructor, I understood the value of empathy. Just as a teacher must understand the needs of his students, a great designer must understand the needs of the user. Fortunately, creating user-centered designs comes natural to me. Every project is different and requires a unique, careful approach. But the one thing never changes is the importance of putting the needs of the user first.\
\

\b Project / People management
\b0  - 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I love getting my hands dirty with day-to-day design and development. But I equally enjoy managing teams and setting overall project strategy. At UT, I provide technical and design consultation to world-class faculty on a wide range of instructional technology projects. As a freelancer I manage projects and clients, write contracts, scopes of work, set expectations, and communicate like a pro. 
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b \
Communication Skills:
\b0  Good educators are necessarily good communicators.  As are good designers.  At it\'92s core, good design is simply a way to communicate an idea.  small, approachable,  easy to work with.  Open communication leads to better projects\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Creative Skills - 
\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Skilled at conceptualizing and implementing creative solutions to a wide variety of training, performance and design challenges.  The trick is to be able to transfer an idea into an engaging digital experience\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Learning Design:
\b0 \
I have special expertise in learning design, and solving communication.  At its core, \
teaching and learning problems.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
I constantly strive to expand my design skills and seek out new projects that challenge and enhance my abilities.\
 \
I create things myself, but I also manage projects and project teams. \
\
Skilled at conceptualizing and implementing creative solutions to a wide variety of training, performance and design challenges.  \
\
The trick is to be able to transfer an idea into an engaging digital experience.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Design:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
As a designer it\'92s my job to take something complex and turn it into something understandable.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 Texas things:\
	Managed CTP video projects. \
	Consulted on course design, online solutions, Multimedia assets\
\
\
MD Anderson\
	\
\
Texas\
	Course Transformation (Digital manager)\
	CRA\
	\
NorthEastern\
\
Harvard\
	Peer Research \
	\
	\
Web Design\
	Ed Tech certificate program\
	CTL site\
	CRA\
	\
\
\
Video / Motion Graphics	\
	hitech\
	DMI\
	reel?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 ABOUT ME:\
what I\'92m watching:\
what I\'92m reading:\
what I\'92m listening to:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
University of Texas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consultant / UI & UX / Instructional Design\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I was a lead instructional technology consultant on the Course Transformation Project, a three million dollar UT initiative designed to improve student success through innovative approaches to instruction and learning.\
I collaborated closely with UT Faculty to 
\f2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
identify and develop instructional technologies to support a wide range of teaching and learning goals. I also managed a team of designers and developers in the creation of a variety of digital web assets, including  instructional websites, motions graphics, videos, and interactive activities.\
\
 Video, motion graphics, web designs, and 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Northeastern\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consultant / UI & UX / Instructional Design\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Center for the Advancement of Teaching and Learning at Northeastern University needed to develop an online version of of their popular Course Development Program.\
I provided the Center with technical and design consultation, evaluated their existing resources and made recommendations on how to best recreate and deliver their existing face-to-face materials in an online environment. I handled all aspects of course design and development and used Captivate to combined video, narration, interaction,  visuals, and assessments \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
to build a student-focused, instructionally sound learning experience.
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Northeastern\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consultant / UI & UX / Instructional Design
\f1\b0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I worked as part of a team that developed an online Virtual Patient simulator for the MD Anderson Cancer Center that trains physicians to help their patients quit smoking.\
\
My role was to create an intuitive and appealing UI / UX and establish the overall visual direction for the project. On the left you can play a brief video which demonstrates the opening sequence to the simulator, as well as several storyboard and mock-ups that were used to create the visual interface.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Mazur Group\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consultant / UI & UX / Instructional Design
\f1\b0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Mazur Group, a research team 
\f0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 in the Division of Engineering and Applied Sciences and the Department of Physics at Harvard University, wanted to create a digital network for members of the Peer Instruction community to meet, connect, and share information online.\

\f3 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f4 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I worked with the Mazur Group to create and implement a visually appealing design theme for the PI website that established a consistent visual style, layout structure, and user experience.  I was responsible for all phases of the design including wireframes, user-tests, mockups, and front-end coding.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Web Design\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consultant / UI & UX / Instructional Design\
On the left is a small sample of websites Ive both designed and coded.  They include sites I\'92ve built while employed at the University of Texas,  work I\'92ve done as a freelancer,  and personal projects.\
In almost all instances I design and develop my websites from scratch.  From conception to final product, I perform all aspects of design and development.  Although every project is different and requires a unique approach, but what never changes is my commitment to put the needs of the user first.
\f4\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
Mutimedia\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2  \
\

\f0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  
\f4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I enjoy creating motion graphics and videos, and am \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
particularly interested by their ability to communicate complicated ideas east to follow terms.\
\

\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\f4 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I first got into \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
Although I started cfor personal    .Over the years Ive become increasingly fascinated by their ability to be used as effective communication tools.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 As a designer it\'92s my job to take something complex and turn it into something understandable. Animation are video are valuable tools in accomplishing this goal.\
\
On the left is a small sample of my production work. The first item is an informative animation I created for Capture Billing Medical that highlights the key features of the HITECH Act. It explains difficult material in a straightforward way, and uses a consistent visual language to help clarify complex concepts.
\f3 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\
\
\

\f0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
On the left 
\f4 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 	}